Docs - Update PyMC3 Installation focus via Conda Forge (#4401)
pymc-devs/pymc: README.rst

Installation
============

PyMC3 Installation
------------------

The latest release of PyMC3 can be installed from Conda Forge (conda-forge):

::

    conda install -c conda-forge pymc3

> Alternatively, we could install via PyPI using ``pip``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While strongly discouraged due to installation problems you could try to install PyMC3 and its dependencies via PyPI using ``pip``:
```

::

    pip install pymc3

> .. note::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reason installation via PyPI is difficult, especially on Windows and OSX, is that `Theano` requires compilation against MKL, which is difficult to set up, while Conda comes with its own compilers and MKL installation.
.. note::
```

Installation
============

PyMC3 Installation
------------------

The latest release of PyMC3 can be installed from Conda Forge (conda-forge):

::

    conda install -c conda-forge pymc3

While strongly discouraged due to installation problems you could try to install PyMC3 and its dependencies via PyPI using ``pip``:

::

    pip install pymc3

> The reason installation via PyPI is difficult, especially on Windows and OSX, is that `Theano` requires compilation against MKL, which is difficult to set up, while Conda comes with its own compilers and MKL installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reason installation via PyPI is difficult, especially on Windows and OSX, is that ``Theano`` requires compilation against MKL, which is difficult to set up, while Conda comes with its own compilers and MKL installation.
```

Installation
============

PyMC3 Installation
------------------

The latest release of PyMC3 can be installed from Conda Forge (conda-forge):

::

    conda install -c conda-forge pymc3

While strongly discouraged due to installation problems you could try to install PyMC3 and its dependencies via PyPI using ``pip``:

::

    pip install pymc3

The reason installation via PyPI is difficult, especially on Windows and OSX, is that ``Theano`` requires compilation against MKL, which is difficult to set up, while Conda comes with its own compilers and MKL installation.
.. note::

    Running ``pip install pymc`` will install PyMC 2.3, not PyMC3, from PyPI.

The current development branch of PyMC3 can be installed from GitHub, also using ``pip``:

::

    pip install git+https://github.com/pymc-devs/pymc3

> To ensure the development branch of `Theano-PyMC <https://github.com/pymc-devs/Theano-PyMC>`__ is installed alongside PyMC3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to install the `Theano-PyMC <https://github.com/pymc-devs/Theano-PyMC>`__ version that is pegged in ``PyMC3``'s ``requirements.txt``.
```

> (recommended), see the `Theano-PyMC <https://github.com/pymc-devs/Theano-PyMC>`__ Installation section, below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the `Theano-PyMC <https://github.com/pymc-devs/Theano-PyMC>`__ Installation section, below.
```

    pip install git+https://github.com/pymc-devs/pymc3

To ensure the development branch of Theano is installed alongside PyMC3
(recommended), see the Theano Installation section, below.

Lastly, another option is to clone the repository and install PyMC3 using
``python setup.py install`` or ``python setup.py develop``.

Theano Installation
-------------------

PyMC3 is tested on Python 3.6, 3.7, and 3.8 and depends on `Theano-PyMC <https://github.com/pymc-devs/Theano-PyMC>`__,
NumPy, SciPy, and pandas
(see `requirements.txt <https://github.com/pymc-devs/pymc3/blob/master/requirements.txt>`__ for version
information).

That being said, you can install PyMC3 using the ``requirements.txt``
file.

This requires cloning the repository to your computer:

::

    git clone https://github.com/pymc-devs/pymc3
    cd pymc3
    pip install -r requirements.txt

.. note::
   If you already have `Theano-PyMC <https://github.com/pymc-devs/Theano-PyMC>`__ installed, then re-install the module, as such

    ``conda remove theano-pymc3 -y``

>     ``conda install theano-pymc -y``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ``conda install -c conda-forge theano-pymc -y``
```

    pip install git+https://github.com/pymc-devs/pymc3

To ensure the development branch of Theano is installed alongside PyMC3
(recommended), see the Theano Installation section, below.

Lastly, another option is to clone the repository and install PyMC3 using
``python setup.py install`` or ``python setup.py develop``.

Theano Installation
-------------------

PyMC3 is tested on Python 3.6, 3.7, and 3.8 and depends on `Theano-PyMC <https://github.com/pymc-devs/Theano-PyMC>`__,
NumPy, SciPy, and pandas
(see `requirements.txt <https://github.com/pymc-devs/pymc3/blob/master/requirements.txt>`__ for version
information).

That being said, you can install PyMC3 using the ``requirements.txt``
file.

This requires cloning the repository to your computer:

::

    git clone https://github.com/pymc-devs/pymc3
    cd pymc3
    pip install -r requirements.txt

.. note::

>    If you already have `Theano-PyMC <https://github.com/pymc-devs/Theano-PyMC>`__ installed, then re-install the module, as such

Reviewer: We should say that it now requires Theano-PyMC instead of just the old Theano, and that if the old Theano is installed, they just remove that and install Theano-PyMC via conda-forge.

Author: @twiecki Sounds great, I think I made the appropriate changes. Moreover, I changed the sub-bulletin title of the `Installation` section to be `Theano-PyMC Installation`.

Let me know what you think.
